Add the field to avoid creating missing topic. (#873)
segmentio/kafka-go: README.md

}
```

### Missing topic creation before publication

```go
// Make a writer that publishes messages to topic-A.

> // The topic is being created if missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The topic will be created if it is missing.
```

w := &Writer{
    Addr:                   TCP("localhost:9092"),
    Topic:                  "topic-A",
    AllowAutoTopicCreation: true,
}

messages := []kafka.Message{
    {
        Key:   []byte("Key-A"),
        Value: []byte("Hello World!"),
    },
    {
        Key:   []byte("Key-B"),
        Value: []byte("One!"),
    },
    {
        Key:   []byte("Key-C"),
        Value: []byte("Two!"),
    },
}

var err error
const retries = 3
for i := 0; i < retries; i++ {
    ctx, cancel := context.WithTimeout(context.Background(), 10*time.Second)
    defer cancel()
    

>     // an attempt to creating topic prior to publishing the message is being made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // attempt to create topic prior to publishing the message
```
